README.md, before:

# Freya Mobile App

<picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://i.ibb.co/XjHnQVq/logo.png">
</picture>

<p align="center"><img src="https://i.ibb.co/XjHnQVq/logo.png" alt="logo"></p>


Freya is an application built using Flutter
To assist users in finding information related to violence against women, be it physically, mentally or sexually.
We provide an Opinion Education feature. Capable of providing violence prevention and helping provide support to victims.

In line with SDGs Number 16 (Peace, Justice, and Strong Institutions) and 5 (Gender Equality). We hope to provide a solution that can reduce or perhaps end physical, sexual, and psychological violence against women.

## Documentation

* [How to Run Freya Application ](https://github.com/zenkriztao/freya-fe#readme/)

## Step 1: Clone Freya Repository

Clone the Freya repository from GitHub using the following command in the terminal:

`git clone https://github.com/zenkriztao/freya-fe.git`

## Step 2: Navigate to Freya Folder

Navigate to the Freya folder using the following command in the terminal:

`cd freya`

## Step 3: Install Dependencies

Before running the application, you need to install the dependencies. To do so, use the following command in the terminal:

`flutter pub get`

## Step 4: Run the Application

To run the Freya application, use the following command in the terminal:

`flutter run`

## if Run the Application on iOS

To run the Freya application on iOS device, you need to have Xcode installed on your Mac computer. Then, connect your iOS device to your computer using a USB cable, and open the Runner.xcworkspace file in the ios folder of the Freya project using Xcode. Select your iOS device as the target device, and click the run button to launch the application.

Alternatively, you can use the following command in the terminal:

`flutter run --release --no-sound-null-safety`

## Figma Design app (Screenshot)

<img src="https://i.ibb.co/N7GFLnL/Screen-Shot-2023-03-30-at-17-57-14.png" alt="UI" width="300" height="300">

## View App

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://i.ibb.co/85ddS66/Onboarding-Page-4.png" alt="UI" width="300" height="300">
  <img src="https://i.ibb.co/DGVv9vw/Onbording-Page-2.png" alt="UI" width="300" height="300">
</p>

Commit message:

docs: documentation how to freya app 📚

README.md, after:

# Freya Mobile App

<picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://i.ibb.co/XjHnQVq/logo.png">
</picture>

<p align="center"><img src="https://i.ibb.co/XjHnQVq/logo.png" alt="logo"></p>


Freya is an application built using Flutter
To assist users in finding information related to violence against women, be it physically, mentally or sexually.
We provide an Opinion Education feature. Capable of providing violence prevention and helping provide support to victims.

In line with SDGs Number 16 (Peace, Justice, and Strong Institutions) and 5 (Gender Equality). We hope to provide a solution that can reduce or perhaps end physical, sexual, and psychological violence against women.

 ## How do we tackle this problem?

These are the options we provide:

* Counseling and Complaints Report
* Share Confide To Other
* Opinion Education




# [How to Run Freya Application ](https://github.com/zenkriztao/freya-app#readme/)

## Step 1: Clone Freya Repository

Clone the Freya repository from GitHub using the following command in the terminal:

``git clone https://github.com/zenkriztao/freya-app.git``

## Step 2: Navigate to Freya Folder

Navigate to the Freya folder using the following command in the terminal:

`cd freya`

## Step 3: Install Dependencies

Before running the application, you need to install the dependencies. To do so, use the following command in the terminal:

`flutter pub get`

## Step 4: Run the Application

To run the Freya application, use the following command in the terminal:

`flutter run`

## if Run the Application on iOS

To run the Freya application on iOS device, you need to have Xcode installed on your Mac computer. Then, connect your iOS device to your computer using a USB cable, and open the Runner.xcworkspace file in the ios folder of the Freya project using Xcode. Select your iOS device as the target device, and click the run button to launch the application.

Alternatively, you can use the following command in the terminal:

`flutter run --release --no-sound-null-safety`

## Figma Design app (Screenshot)

<img src="https://i.ibb.co/N7GFLnL/Screen-Shot-2023-03-30-at-17-57-14.png" alt="UI" width="300" height="300">

## View App

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://i.ibb.co/85ddS66/Onboarding-Page-4.png" alt="UI" width="300" height="300">
  <img src="https://i.ibb.co/DGVv9vw/Onbording-Page-2.png" alt="UI" width="300" height="300">
</p>
